in good tene news a team made a
graduation dress out of her homework to
help girls get an education this team
made her graduation dress out of her cup
precalculus pre-cut Thewlis homework we
calculate in order to spread awareness
so now it is me out of the paper
that's crazy after though it's true I
just commit to spread what kind of
awareness that's all her dresses I've
received my education not every woman
has wait what why is that an IE and then
cross out with a GI right there that's
all is that proof of Education was that
like a naturalness obably I think I
think it's just proving her I think she
just fucked that it looks like a fuckup
yeah she's trying to raise awareness of
women around the world not a lot of
women around the world have access to
secondary education and so on her dress
says like Malala org so this
organization started by a team of
Pakistani teen activist that is fighting
to ensure that all girls worldwide have
access to secondary education
so like 62 million girls around the
world don't have that wow what secondary
is that high school Oh
primary is elementary and junior high so
in high school this year she's been
focusing on women's right so that's why
she chose to do this specifically and so
the dresses she had originally bought
for her graduation she sold it and
donated the money to this organization
and now the dresses she wore for her
graduation she's auctioning it off to
also donate to the fund oh that's pretty
cool so did she know that she was
already gonna get publicity for this
that's why she did it like if this is
your goal which is to bring awareness to
the 62 million women that don't receive
secondary education how do you even know
that me by making a dress for my prom
with only maybe like five hundred kids
how do I know that's gonna reach other
people because everyone that I'm going
to prompt do is receiving the secondary
education who knows maybe a teacher was
backing her up
this is a great movement like we should
involve press or whatever she was
spreading awareness to those graduating
class members because that's that's
actually a lot of influence for like I
mean we're used to millions in abuse but
to the regular person when you try to
make a difference or whatever you're
trying to do it for your class
graduating class or whatever yeah she's
trying to do for graduation that's
gotcha
and then it just so happened that people
caught on and like oh my god this is
great and there's Brendan that's cool so
now she's like thrilled cuz BuzzFeed
picked this up and she's thrilled that
it's getting all the attention that it
is cuz ounce he's doing what she wanted
oh of course well she didn't know that
she was gonna get published she's just
trying to influence her school and then
it got picked up Rochester wow that's so
crazy there's people around the world
that's like I wanna go to school dammit
and then there's so many students here
that's like I want to get the fuck out
of here damn it
I quit keV Jamba like a few years back
he opened up his first school like he'd
built a school in like the Jumbo school
in Africa Wow so it's like there's
places where there's like there easy boy
yeah yeah there is no place for kids to
learn maker we're all doing all 16 17
nothing oz bringing awareness to drugs
haha very bad yeah I didn't bring
awareness to shit so fuckin loser that's
what I was just fucking emo kids are
like Rosie O'Donnell I was spreading the
word of chance as well I like the
sideburn over miles yes I'm just curious
how she made that dress and not get a
paper cut I mean like if I were to wear
a dress made on paper like I would I
would cut myself a long time I think
she's a like with paper mache is it in
the play do you guys feel like school is
something they're grateful to have
school yes stuff absolutely because I
feel like I would be socially awkward if
I didn't go to school that's all it is I
don't even believe in this close to that
much but I would still put my kid
through it just be like I don't want you
to turn out hella weird cuz i
homeschooled your ass the whole time
yeah that's all it really is I think
school teaches you interaction with
between elders peers in one-on-one
circumstances small group and a large
group circumstance because it's
different periods when you go to dance
with student projects it's all different
sizes and you
to act differently in a bunch of
different circumstances slashes exposes
you to a more generic understanding
things like sports and physical
education being able to play on Steam
Irish like you know in real things or
whatever whereas if they were to get in
trouble by the school system or whatever
I take it on be like yeah I want to care
about the system I just want you to be
there don't be weird meet some friends
yeah that's like this doesn't really
matter right now just go back in
anything yeah like if I you know if I
went oh if or when I have kids like I
don't ever want them to be in like in a
small locust in people because it's not
really representative what's your
experience in the outside world
it doesn't prepare you for shit you know
like I understand the whole the concept
of like private tutoring which is fine
you can do that on your own but at the
same time do I think that I would have
had my understanding of people by going
into a small like little private school
hell no dude because I went to a public
school I got to experience a lot of shit
they were like smart kids there was the
Doug ask kids you know there's a little
bit of everything I kind of mean Plus
every other child is like an extension
of their parents so like your you know
like you guys have dumb pants yeah you
got some smart ones here you got some
racist ones here they're children I got
me reflections of that so you're already
experiencing that at a young age or at
least being exposed to it so that you're
not you know screwed when you run into
those things in the future
granted some kids in school are still
socially awkward which maybe those are
also just reflections of the parents who
know what's going on just getting new
smells so just in case you guys didn't
know we actually have a separate
Facebook fan page for just kiding news
make sure you guys go like that and
check it out on top of that follow us on
Instagram and then on top of that like
this mother fucking video so once again
if you guys forgot all the shit that I
said make sure that you go check it in
the description box below follow us on
all of our shit and check this video out
right here I tell you guys one thing so
we went to Australia right not different
McDonald different countries they all
got different shit yeah we're in
Australia these fans brought us this a
sirloin burger I make the